My utmost motivation to join AWS re/start program is to ensure my skills are fulfilled in the technology trend also expand my knowledge and skills in cloud computing. Another reason is in this era of industry 4.0 the technology of AI and cloud computing is developed exponentially; in that case the skill of cloud computing is a must especially for youth unemployed like me resulting in fulfilling the shortage of digital talent for companies that needed. Another essential motivation that I joining this program is to widen my relationship with other student also teacher from AWS program. From there I hope I can get so much benefit from other experiences and discussing about today's tech trends. Finally, the certification that provided after this program, I hope it can help me one step ahead to other applicants and increase the probability to get accepted for my job especially in cloud engineering.  Probably this is the most overlooked reason, but I believe everyone is agree with me, that is cloud engineering are among high-paying jobs and this is the golden opportunity that I don’t want to miss it.
My hope for the next 5 years is my long-term goal to becoming senior engineer. I must improve the skills that need it to become one in this short time to reach my end goal. There is list of skills are required such as technical skills, team skills, communication skills, etc. My decision to join this program is my first milestone for the next step and I hope with joining the AWS re/start program it can help me a lot to improve my skill and reach my long-term goals. I realized this is not an easy task especially an unemployed like me to challenge myself for becoming a better cloud engineer from time to time.
